Hey what's up guys, EpicVlogger52 here with another cool vlog.
Hi everyone, what's happening?
As you can see it's currently 9.35 on a Saturday, today is April 28th, 2018.
What's up everyone, it's big boy vlogger Joey YouTube 68 here with another epic vlog about
my life.
Currently we are watching the NBA playoffs and uh, I don't know, what am I doing?
What is this content that you clicked on, presumably?
Aha, you see, because that's the long game, that's what you gotta do when you're a YouTuber,
because right now, right now it's the present.
Right now it's the present and I'm just recording this with my camera.
But presumably I'm going to edit this content and upload it, and by then it'll be the future.
So hello future people.
So yeah, watching some sports, a lot of people like to pass their time by watching uh, TV
shows or anime, uh but that kind of stuff has never really appealed to me, I'm more
of a sports kind of guy, heck yeah, sports.
We got uh, we got Boston, Boston playing Milwaukee in the playoffs, the NBA first round, Eastern
Conference playoffs, big time basketball going on here, game seven, win or go home.
Man this is absolutely riveting stuff right here, welcome back to another EmperorLemon
live vlog reaction video, where today we're reacting to the playoffs.
By the time this series is over, the NBA playoffs will be over, and um, we'll know who the champion
is, who's it going to be, is it going to be Golden State, is it going to be Houston?
Well uh, currently I'm about to record audio for uh, Minute Memes, Minute Memes, Minute
Minute Minute Memes, haven't done a Minute Memes in a while, um, but yeah here's the
process, I typed everything up in a Google Doc, I'm a script boy, as one YouTube commenter
put it, and uh, another news today, interesting stuff going on with my boy CeeLo, CeeLoGreen,
that was a very stupid comment, but he follows me, I think that's new, he follows me, back,
CeeLo, CeeLo, a good boy, he uh, he does a bunch of research into how YouTube works,
really um, really instrumental in kind of understanding, helping YouTubers understand
the modern workings of YouTube, because everyone knows YouTube's not going to tell us anything.
Today there's actually a reported anomaly, it's an anomaly folks, people are losing subscribers,
but um, yeah it's only uh, it's only big boy, baddie, curse word channels, and not uh, not
kitty kid fun toy channels, also Jake and Logan Paul, you see being a YouTuber is a
lot like dealing with stuff like this, um, YouTube is a huge, huge site, and there's
always a ton of stuff going on that no one has any idea, well that's pretty much all
that happened to me, mine is 41, but yeah be sure to subscribe and help me make my subscriber
videos, and like this video guys, good bye!
Hi everyone, me again, uh, well yeah of course it's me again, who else could it be, I'm the
only one editing this, nevermind, um, just uh, just having a live look in at the fun
recording process, so I got everything uh, I got everything all dialed up, Audacity,
the script, it's currently 10-12pm, and this video will be um, this video will be edited
down to about 2 minutes, 2 minutes 20 seconds, let's say that, um, hey what's up guys, it's
me again, and uh, what I'm doing here is making a timer for minute memes, that's right,
I'm here in the uh, I'm here in the text, the text function of Vegas, and um, I'm going
through one by one, adding the numbers, cause that's how dedicated I am, to making good
content, I will go, I will jump through the hoops, if it means making a final product,
that looks good, this new, this new minute memes, it's kinda got a football type, football
John Madden, big time football aesthetic, so, the thing with that um, the thing with
that style, I'm making the timer have a scoreboard look, and I looked online for just a scoreboard
timer, and all of them kind of suck, so I'd rather make my own, man nobody watches NASCAR,
you know like, in all the years I went to school, all the kids I ever met, I probably
met like two others who watched NASCAR, um, I definitely think it's one of those things
that was a lot more popular in the 90's, cause only 90's kids will remember when NASCAR was
popular, just online, it's basically non-existent, it has no online presence, because uh, young
people don't watch NASCAR, except for me, I will admit that, a lot of NASCAR races,
it's not something you're really glued to the TV set for a while, um, races like Talladega
are very exciting though, just because of the way they tune the cars for this specific
track, it encourages pack racing, and at any moment a huge crash can come and take out
like half the field, um, oh, big crash, see, that's what I was talking about, this style
of racing is really unpredictable, who's gonna win, there's ten laps left, can you tell who's
gonna win, leave a comment below if you think you know who's going to win, I'm just kidding,
that finish sucked, fuck NASCAR, hey what's up guys, it's me again, it is currently Monday
afternoon, let's see what's going on in the world right now and let's react to it, so
uh, the top story right now, oh Marvel, them superheroes, very, very interesting, I definitely
care a lot about superhero movies, um, superheroes are cool and they stop the world from getting
destroyed and there definitely aren't enough superhero movies, so we need more through
2025, let's see what else, the Avengers and the spoilers, the infinite Avengers infinity
superhero movies, the world's gonna get destroyed, Trump, celebrity died, Sonic, superhero Avengers
superhero, that's pretty cool I guess, someone fucked up, oh no, rapper died, well somebody died,
I'm sorry, am I too callous, this one's in a big block so you know it's important, I should
probably read some of the stuff on the on the right side of the page, oh epic prank, you can
make Siri curse, that's so epic, that's so LMAO, some people made a Lego tree, a tree made of Legos,
you know what, good for them, now here's the thing that's been going on recently, kind of just
another excuse for people to get outraged for no reason, celebrity cool, celebrities are cool,
oh wow Logan Paul and he's in a big box so you know it's important, Logan Paul is quitting, oh no,
what will YouTube do without him, millennials, marketing millennials, millennial, millennial
Trump, millennials, hey millennials, we need a market to you, buy our products because you're
Millennials, I mean millennials, the thing about Millennials is they love getting called
Millennials and Millennials, we need a market to them, howdy fellow Millennials, are you guys
having fun being Millennials, oh epic, epic, roast, the woods, the Trump, the White House
correspondent, oh she was so epic and she roasted the evil Republicans, it's so funny, oh even more
coverage on the epic roast, they roasted, oh that's actually something positive about Trump,
okay we don't need to, we don't need to hear about any of that, we are now rendering the video,
my child, my son is being born, listen to the power, I don't know if the microphones picking
it up but if it is then listen to the power of the rendering, this is pure bits, zeros and ones
getting put into their place, rendering has completed, now that the video is rendered we
can begin the most difficult process of being a YouTuber and that's making a YouTube thumbnail,
so I already have a little tab here cued up with my boy John Madden, I don't know, I struggle,
I spend more time on my thumbnails than on the videos themselves you know because they're that
important, like I got to follow in the footsteps of the big YouTubers because how am I gonna make
my channel grow up being strong if I don't have thumbnails like these guys, okay so you got to
have a bunch of a bunch of goobers going, oh look at this, I'm reacting to this, oh what's this,
oh look at me, I'm reacting to this thing, oh what's this, a Pokeball, a Pokeball, I'm so
surprised, hmm, why does this have a watermark, now these are some high quality reaction images
picked fresh from the fresh garden of fortune, this looks like a good one, just riveting content
you're watching right here, all right so we got our boy in here, now it's time to add some epic
text, at last my masterpiece is complete, all right well now that the thumbnail is complete
it's time to upload the video, so exciting, now that the video is public, time to check some
YouTube comments, Ripper Jack says yay, he's happy that I uploaded the video, yay to you Ripper,
my people, my people, look at my people, man isn't being a YouTuber great, oh look everyone it's a
new meme, get it while it's hot, new meme everyone, gosh I wonder if this will still be around in like
three months when I upload this video, I think it'll be gone in a couple of days, what's up
everybody it's May 1st 2018, Tuesday May 1st, so yesterday I uploaded my video, my big boy,
big time meme, epic, epic meme video, it's about 18 hours later and we're at 46,000 views,
whoopity-doo, it's actually a probably, probably better than most of my videos do after that
amount of time, a couple of other interesting happenings going on, internet historian, my boy,
sent me the in the field we worked on, so it's currently not live yet, I'm getting an extra
special preview of myself, another one of my boys, Mum Key Jones, he came out with his actual Diary
of a Wimpy Kid, Elliot Rogers parody and I actually think I'm gonna purchase this, support
my fellow creators on YouTube, I mean no one else, there's not really anyone else on YouTube who
makes content like Mum Key, all right Mum Key, I'm spending $20, 20 buckaronis, like that's like
three days of YouTube income for me, I'm spending all of that on your book, so it better be good,
and if it's not, I'll probably just complain, hi everyone, Killer Keemstar here, the king of
YouTube drama and are we witnessing the end of Logan Paul's entire career, look at that ratio,
look at that ratio, it's the last, the last of the sailors on the Logan Paul ship, they're trying
trying to salvage everything, but it's it's a losing battle, I mean just look at look at these
numbers, you just got twittered, your opinion means nothing because of the ratio man, this is the end,
this is the point of no return, Logan Paul has gone so far down the spiral that he can never
emerge, this meme is everywhere, all right, gonna do it, we're gonna do it, God, all right this is
it right here, this is for all the marbles, here we go, oh,
Infinity War meme is dead, now everyone, everyone, everyone post this meme, you know what,
this meme is pretty good, I think I might make a video on it, goop videos was the first one to
make this meme, rev up those fryers cuz I am sure hungry to make a new meme, all right guys let's
make an Emperor lemon video right here, quick I gotta render my meme before anyone else steals my
idea, oh wait a minute someone did my idea already, guess I have to delete my account now,
all right now that the fucking lame obvious child's play version of the joke is online,
we can get down to business and make a real version of this meme,
ah now that's more like it, hey shut up idiot everyone knows Vsauce makes the best memes,
whoa all this new meme excitement and there's a new death grips, slow down I'm gonna spurt,
well guys it's been like an hour and a half but I'm finally done, I masked the thing,
this is a productive use of my time, man isn't it beautiful, a lot of time went into that,
that's how much I care about making good content right there, all right so let's see what we can
do with this, ah now that is some quality content, hi everyone it's me,
just checking in here and a little news stories trending on Twitter, so we're gonna check that
out right now, oh so it turns out University of Florida the school I go to is a racist,
the KKK are running University of Florida, they're nailing crosses in front of all the dormitories
and they're burning them, there's just massive lynching activity going on at UF, so I should
probably explain the context of this incident because context in fact does matter, so here's
what happened as far as I know, so it's May, it's a end of the semester, graduation season
for seniors in college, a couple of the graduates they wanted to do a little dance planned and
choreographed, a little bit of a dance, I guess the I guess it went against the university etiquette
or whatever and they were having none of that, so they yanked them off the stage, I know I think
they should have been allowed to dance, I think that course of disciplinary action was a little
bit rigid, a little antiquated, it's a big moment for them, let them dance, like their whole life
has been leading up to this big graduation and like I don't really mind that, but that's pretty
much where the story should end, yet somehow because the authority figure on stage was a white
man and the quote unquote victims were black young adults, the media has interpreted and spun and
labeled this story as a racially charged offense, you can argue about the discipline all you want
okay, you can argue about the discipline, is it a disciplinary issue, yes sure, debate all you want
about the discipline and the force they used, but to sit there and call this a racial issue
is beyond misleading. To demonstrate my point even further, let's just let's just look at these
headlines, several black University of Florida graduates yanked offstage, university response
to charges of racism from Good Morning America, Good Morning America, here's another reason why
you guys are racist, black University of Florida students, after several black graduates, what I'm
saying is that you shouldn't present these issues racially when they're clearly not racially
motivated okay, like why can't it just be students, well because then you can't spin it as a racial
issue and no one will click on your story, so that's why they do it, to get clicks, but it's
just damaging for society. ABC News, now this is big boy journalism old school but this is another
thing to do, it was definitely contingent on a race one student tells, yeah so the opinion of
one student is is just valuable enough to put in in the headline of the tweet, he said this, he said
she said, one one person out of a thousand said this, let's put it in our headline, because once
again you got to spin it, this is American journalism 2018, University of Florida forced
to apologize after black and minority graduates were shoved off the stage by whites, why does this
have to be a racial issue, well it's obvious why so that people will get mad and click on their
article, but I guarantee you in two more weeks I'll be back with another story where the media
does this, I guarantee it. All right so allow me to elaborate for a bit on why journalism like this
is just so bad and so damaging for society, so what it basically what it basically does it creates
a vicious cycle, so the cycle goes a little something like this, there's an event that
happens and it happens to contain a white authority figure and a black victim okay,
doesn't matter what the event is, the context doesn't matter at all, media picks up on it,
they frame it as a racial issue, people see it, they're outraged, they have they develop this
perception of society that everything is racist and then when an event like that happens again
they interpret it as racist and it gets picked up by the news again and the cycle continues.
There are many ways to look at something and interpret it, you could look at the sun
with no context of how the universe works and believe that the sun revolves around the earth,
but that doesn't exactly make it true, context matters okay. Let me give you another example,
a news company can report on vaccinating children and they can title the article
geriatric rich white men want to stick sharp needles inside of your children,
yeah it's actually true but just the fact that you have completely ignored the context of the
situation means that you are creating a false perception for the public, that's problematic,
we shouldn't have a society where people are led to believe that everything around them is
inherently racist, it's very unstable, would you rather have that or a society where people get
along? I definitely want the second one, I don't know about some of these people, I don't know,
it's like they want society to be more divided which is obviously it's in complete contradiction
to their whole message of anti-racism but I feel like that's what a lot of these people want,
they want to keep Americans divided and fighting among each other so that they can ignore actual
issues that if they were to be reported on would harm the rich and powerful, it's like why would
you want to cherry pick and nitpick and comb through society and identify every single instance
possible, it's like not even confirmed, the vast vast vast majority of these cases that report in
the media they're non-race issues and they get labeled as race issues, why would you want to go
through and cherry pick every single little example you can from America, a country of 320
million people, millions of interactions going on every second around the country and you find one,
you find one thing that you contort into a racial issue and you blow it up and say whoa whoa look
this is evidence, look we're right, look how racist America is and I just don't see it and for
most people, most readers, most readers of those news articles that's the end of it, they don't,
it's solidified in stone for them, a University of Florida racist, of course this news story
it's just going to be forgotten about but I don't know, I chose this specific example to talk about
because like I go to UF, it's not run by racist people okay and the fact that the media has taken
this tiny little incident and blown it up to a story of national prominence, it really shows how
they just care more about justifying their agenda than they do about presenting reality, I guess
what I'm trying to say is that these stories do a lot more harm than good, they turn people against
each other, make racial groups hate each other and I don't think that's good for society.
Hi everybody, it's Wednesday morning and I'm fucking pissed, what you're seeing here is a
fully monetized YouTube video which is a plane crash compilation, an actual compilation
of plane crashes in real life, it's running seven ads, seven ad placements on a plane crash
compilation, this is, this might be one of the worst things I've ever seen on YouTube,
you obviously have the main principle of profiting off of hundreds of people's deaths
but not only that, you have the fucking audacity to put on your stupid fucking After Effects
epic YouTuber intro on content that you literally just re-uploaded from the website so it's not even
original content and you put on your fucking After Effects intro, you load up the video with
seven ads and you make money off of nine million views and YouTube has done fucking nothing about
this, god damn it man, just god damn it, why is this website so fucking fucked up and I've tried,
I've tried for the past four months or so not to not complain about YouTube,
they've tried communicating better, they tried fixing the monetization system but then I just
see shit like this and it's like we haven't left square fucking one, what the fuck YouTube,
plane crash compilation fully monetized, how the fuck does a plane crash compilation slip under
the radar, I don't understand what you people are doing, fully monetized, seven ad placements
on a plane crash compilation, not a fictional plane crash compilation, real actual footage
not unlike the footage you'd find on live leak, the difference being that this person
is earning thousands of dollars of revenue from hundreds of people dying, dying, Logan Paul filmed
one dead guy and the collective internet flipped their shit but meanwhile you have people uploading
footage of hundreds of people dying, dying, not already dead like Logan did, dying,
your fucking system somehow sees that as perfectly okay, how, how come every respectable commentary
channel on YouTube has basically been shadow banned and demonetized and kicked down the pecking
order and scrutinized as hard as they possibly fucking can by your fucking automated system
for the past 18 months, meanwhile plane crash compilation, oh that's perfectly fine, loaded up
with ads, I usually don't get this angry about anything, politics I don't really care that much,
whatever but when I see a system that is just so fundamentally unfair as YouTube's monetization
system is, I lose my fucking shit, they tell us all the rules, they tell us all the rules over
and over again and hammer it into our heads, don't do this, don't do that, and even if you follow
those rules there's a 50-50 chance that your video is just going to get demonetized anyway because
they blacklisted your channel or something like they've done with mine where they don't send out
your videos to recommendations or notifications or subscriptions, they've done it to me,
they've drug my channel and a bunch of other people's through the fucking mud because we
dare speak up about this bullshit, they turn their back away from plane crash compilations,
it's like you can't make this shit up, we are in the dystopian present on YouTube, this is their
end game, this is what all the fucking shit, all the changes, all the make your videos longer,
more and more and more content, oh but don't make original content, we'll shit on you for that,
oh but if you're re-uploading someone else's content and it just happens to be plane crashes
and you put it all back to back and you have a fucking after effects intro with obnoxious EDM
music, that's perfectly fine, this is their end game I guess, they made YouTube inhospitable for
original content, they made YouTube inhospitable for talent, they don't emphasize any of that on
YouTube anymore, it's all about oh how long can you make, oh how much watch time, who gives a fuck
about watch time okay, and I'll tell you why they do it is because the more time you spend on
YouTube the less time you spend on a competitor site like Facebook, but even so what has this
done to the content on YouTube, I know I made a whole 49 minute video about this talking about
the consequences of all this shit, but we're there, this is as bad as I've ever seen YouTube
content okay, monetizing plane crash tragedies, plane crash compilations, like I still can't
fucking believe it, but it's the video is right there still running ads on it, how the fuck is it
morally consistent to just scrub YouTube from gun content, but oh plane crash compilations,
that's perfectly fine, god I just don't understand this website, it's like they never
learn, they never learn, Elsa gate, child endangerment, oh we're gonna get rid of that
content once it starts, once the ads start pulling out, Logan Paul suicide victim, the worst PR
disaster for YouTube ever, certainly ever, and they still won't police this shit, and I said this on
Twitter, how the fuck, how the fuck does a video titled airplane crash compilation not immediately
set up a million alarms in the demonetization system, how is that not set off a million red flags
just instantly demonetize this video, but now it's been up there, the video is like a year old,
it's like eight months old, running seven ads, nine million views, probably made
a couple thousand bucks off of that content, I've moved past the idea of complaining about the idea
of demonetization, okay, if YouTube wants to implement a system where they only put ads on
family-friendly content, then whatever, but if you put in a system like that,
you have to, have to, have to, absolutely have to enforce it fairly, I just hate being treated
unfairly, it's not just me, it's every YouTuber, gaming channels, commentary channels,
pretty much every YouTuber that tries to put an effort into their content these days gets
fucking sandbagged, and I'd be okay with that, I'd be okay with that, they just did it with everyone,
maybe it's people, maybe it's not YouTube, maybe it's just people that are just so morally
inconsistent about everything, I mean Logan Paul uploaded a video of one dead guy, one guy who
already died and the internet lost their collective shit over it, and I'm not saying people don't care
about this, but I know that video had nine million views by the time I watched it and never heard a
peep about it, and it has hundreds of people dying, not already deceased, dying, and Logan
Paul's video wasn't monetized, I mean YouTube did put that shit on trending, but like Logan Paul
didn't monetize the video, this guy, plane crash compilation dude, seven ad placements on a video
showcasing the deaths of hundreds of people, I know it's just astonishing, and my little tweet
about it will probably get a couple thousand likes and a few hundred retweets and that'll be the end
of it and everyone will forget about it, I mean no more, no massive outrage over the plane crash
compilation, it's literally the same principle but a hundred times worse, but will people care,
will YouTube make a sappy apology for this, will anything even happen to that video, will I check
back in six weeks and that video will still be breaking in that revenue, I don't know,
I don't know, surprise me YouTube, surprise me okay, I just want to say one more thing before
I end this rant, YouTube and a lot of people probably wonder why YouTube is so hated,
because I don't know if you've checked the internet in the past eight months, but YouTube is hated,
they're hated more than any other social network, they're hated, they're hated to the extent
that someone actually got pissed off enough at them to break into their headquarters and shoot
up the place, I'm not saying it's justified, no it sucks and it's a fucking deranged lunatic,
but I don't know, it's just a testament, it's a testament to this hole that YouTube has dug
themselves in where people hate them, people go fucking postal because of how bad YouTube has been
over the past couple of years and they wonder why, they wonder why and it's not because YouTubers
are entitled, it's not because millennials are lazy, no it's because of inconsistent unfair
bullshit like this, where they police and scrutinize every chicken little thing from
one tiny part of YouTube and they just let plane crash compilations soak in the revenue regardless,
it's okay, it's this type of shit that drives people fucking mental and they need to fix it,
how much longer, how much longer are we gonna have to endure a system like either, either let
everyone run ads or take the ads off fucking plane crashes okay and it's not just the, and don't think
I'm just making this video about one video, it's like, it's like if you find a roach in your house
there's probably a hundred other roaches around, there's probably tens of thousands of videos like
this, fucking shitty compilations that rake in revenue from stolen content and in these specific
cases rake in revenue from literally showcasing the tragedies and death and slaughter of hundreds
of people and I just wanna say YouTube wonders why they're the most hated website on the internet,
it's because of shit like this and until they fix it, it's not gonna change,
people are still gonna hate them, just want to let you guys know that after the whole Logan Paul
thing, YouTube really has been trying to improve their communication, they're basically responding
to every knucklehead that pings them, even 13 year olds with 2,000 subscribers and yet despite
all of these responses and even though after I tweeted to them that their platform is running ads
on a plane crash compilation, they didn't say shit about it and like dozens of people,
dozens of people pinged YouTube at Team YouTube at YT Creators, like a dozen people pinged them
and no response, radio silence, they might have me blocked or something, yeah it's very clear that
they're not interested in hearing what I have to say, so whatever, oh man it looks like all
my complaining finally paid off, this is just a reminder to everyone out there that if you
complain hard enough and you shitpost long enough, good things will happen, what's up everybody,
looks like Mumkey's book finally came in the mail, looks like we got an unboxing video to do,
all right so as you can see there is a box and it's taped up pretty tightly so
I think I'm gonna have to go get some scissors, all right everyone I got the scissors,
snip snip, all right we're gonna work on cutting open the tape now, in case you didn't know I'm
left-handed, that's what makes me special, all right so god fucking right-handed normies,
they think they're so cool with their right hand, I don't know, me making 90% of people,
fucking normies, try that shit open, all right so as you can see Mumkey sent me some bubble wrap
to complement the book, shipping information, aha and the piece of resistance,
look at it, look at the glory, look how glorious this product is that I ordered,
oh it's so shiny, this thing is shiny as fuck, man I can't wait to delve into the literary
adventure that Mumkey has provided for me on this fine day, what's up everybody, it's about a week
later, didn't really feel like recording anything for the last seven days, yeah so the reason I
haven't been making anything is because I have been writing, researching and recording this 20
page script, this might end up being the longest video I've ever made and it might end up being
the best video I've ever made, I should probably get you guys back up to speed on current events
because there's no way you know them yourself so it's up to me to tell you and remind you,
all right so this image basically sums up the new memes that have been circulating over the past
week, oh and this morning there is another school shooting in America, what's up everybody it's me
again here with another fantastic backyard commentary, first let me just say that I haven't
been vlogging as much because I don't know everything's just been really boring, I've been
hard at work editing the new youtube geographic, it's gonna be a big boy, big time, big ticket
video, game changer, game changing video, I don't know it's probably gonna come out after the first
part of this vlog so be prepared for that, all right so it is currently may 22nd 2018
and the news recently there's been a lot of talk, a lot of talk about the old school shootings,
school shootings, a lot of conversation about school shootings, every time you hear the issue
of school shootings mentioned in the news all they talk about is gun gun gun gun gun gun rifle
gun gun gun assault weapon gun nra gun gun rifle gun and usually the times when gun control as an
issue is discussed most frequently is immediately following a school shooting, it's a very evocative
issue which is why every time there is a school shooting in America it gets reported on like
crazy and it becomes the single most salient issue for the next week at least and obviously it's a
problem that everyone wants to stop and I'm pretty sure no one whether you're Republican or Democrat
or an independent no one thinks there should be more school shootings but by that same token
everyone wants to scramble for a solution as soon as the school shooting happens the
discussion immediately gets pinned and imprisoned in the idea that guns are the primary issue
and throughout all the news coverage throughout all the discussion all the arguments you see on
twitter on youtube throughout all of it I don't know I've never seen anyone discuss what I think
is the real issue in school shootings and that issue I believe is the schools the issue with
school shootings is schools now before I talk about this I want you all to just completely
forget about guns okay just completely wipe guns from your mind whenever there's a school shooting
like this it always happens with a very troubled kid and instead of just blaming the idea of guns
or people who enable guns it's far far far more important in my opinion to consider what
circumstances caused this kid to bring a loaded gun to school and start shooting his classmates
because I don't know if you people have noticed either if you're too old you're too young or
you're not from America but schools in America suck okay I live in the state of Florida
and the school district I went to is supposedly the best in the state of Florida and you want to
know what it still sucks just completely unstimulating to the actual concept of education
just miserable kids all over the place nobody wants to be there especially once you get closer
to the age of 18 no one wants to be there if you look at all these kids all these school shooters
they all have certain things in common first of all they're usually very anti-social or socially
awkward and most of them have a history of being bullied by their classmates now schools in America
they'll pretend they'll say all these things about wanting to stop bullying but in reality
it's completely unenforceable and there's nothing they can really do about it and a lot of things
that people don't understand because either they've been too far removed from school or
they're in school and they've just accepted it as normality and they don't know any other way
of life one thing that these people rarely notice is that kids are vicious okay pretty much between
the age of 10 and 18 these kids are absolutely vicious obviously it's very easy to look at young
kids and young teens and imagine that they are very innocent little harmless defenseless victims
but I don't know this is just coming from me just observing how people act and I was in school
two years ago and this is how people are the problem with kids and early teens is that they
have no concept of morality they either have no concept or a very remedial concept of morality
and this is just this is just an aspect of psychology where your brain is literally not
finished developing in how to deal with ethics and morals and it's important to remember that
because kids most of them and there's a lot of nice ones but there's a lot of ones that
are completely vicious and this isn't just this isn't a new thing this is a part of every
generation so kids in school they're highly conscientious they care so much about appearance
and hierarchy and status there's so much peer pressure to conform to societal norms and the
alternative is being ridiculed and cast aside as an outcast what I'm basically saying is that
it's just very natural for kids to sort of relentlessly pick on other kids that don't fit in
and I just think that there's this huge disconnect in our society with how we treat introverted
people and it's very ironic because we live in an age where schools and bureaucrats and politicians
will bend over backwards to accommodate any person that they to accommodate anyone who we view as a
victim based on only physical traits however the great irony in all of this is that you have
somehow ignored and continued to ignore the huge monumental difference between introverted kids
and extroverted kids and this is coming again from someone who growing up in school was very
introverted found it very hard to talk to people and it's not just it's not just something you can
easily just pick up and uh we just throw you in with all these people you make friends it's not
like that and I think a lot of the problems that come with schools and behavior in 21st century
America is a fundamental misunderstanding of how introverted people think and act and it's a pretty
alarming problem because if you really think about it logically pretty much everyone in power at not
just schools but in the government are going to be extroverted people like it's just a matter of
natural selection a clammy introverted guy who doesn't talk to anyone is going to be far less
likely to succeed in a political campaign so based on that fact pretty much everyone in politics all
of our lawmakers they have to be extroverted people and the same theory applies to teachers
faculty people who in their job description they have to work and interact with people all day
they're naturally going to be more extroverted people and what that's created in our society
at least I feel it's a huge rift between the extroverted and the empowered people in our
society growing up and introverted people who feel like they have no one to turn to
because if you think about it from the perspective of an introverted person growing up in school
like what are they going to do if they have a problem naturally the course of action in
all these cases oh go talk to the teacher go talk to the guidance counselor but these teachers and
guidance counselors they're extroverted people and they don't understand the mentality of being
introverted it's a real shame because our school system treats introverted people
so unbelievably poorly and they are completely oblivious to that fact I don't know if this
concept resonates with any of you out there who may be introverted people have trouble
talking to people in public or socially awkward and you remember growing up in school and they
force you they force you to do all these activities group work group projects bonding
activities and all of this is by the design of extroverted people who think everyone in
the world is extroverted when that's simply not true and when you force introverted kids
place themselves in social situations with which they're uncomfortable or to do these activities
where you force them to interact with people they don't care for you create a recipe for a very
miserable individual and it's a lot of these individuals who eventually grow up to become
the prototypical school shooter and I'm not saying it's justified at all obviously these people have
been pushed to a point where they have mentally gone off the deep end and their actions are no
longer governed by reason or morality so I'm not trying to sympathize with school shooters at all
but at the same time it's very important to understand where some of these kids are coming
from these are socially awkward anti-social kids who are forced by our society to spend six hours
a day five days a week 180 days a year in an environment where they are constantly uncomfortable
and once again the vast majority of people in our society they don't understand this point of view
because when you're extroverted and it's about 70 percent of people you don't feel this constant
pressure and this constant anxiety when you're in public it just doesn't make sense and you can't
wrap your head around it and you can't develop empathy for these people and when you're growing
up in school the majority of people just turn that idea of them acting different into ostracizing them
and excluding them and it just makes things a lot worse so I guess my point with all this is that
we need to understand and treat introverted people a lot better and I think when we do we will see
a vast reduction in school shootings if you think about these kids if you think about
the Houston shooter if you think about Nicholas Cruz why are we as a society
forcing these kids who clearly do not belong in a social situation and every time they're
exposed to a situation it worsens their emotional state why are we forcing kids like this to go to
school and be in an environment they hate I don't understand especially now that we have online
school and there's so much of an opportunity for virtual school and I don't buy in to this
expectation that if you don't make friends if you don't get along with people then you're not going
to have a good time as an adult you know well first of all these introverted antisocial kids
they're not having a good time as a child okay and it's not a matter of just making friends it's
an actual mental block and I've experienced it I'm sure a lot of you have experienced it or it's not
just the thing where you can flip on a switch and be like oh well I'm ready to make friends now it's
not that simple and until our society understands this there's going to be a fundamental disconnect
in how we treat introverted people and the idea the idea that you have to be socially well-rounded
to succeed in adult society is complete BS yeah I'm sure you have to be really socially outgoing
to sit at a computer in a cubicle for 11 hours a day there's no actual requirement that you have
to be socially outgoing in order to have a stable career and life in society but for some reason
the powers that be have made it an expectation for people where oh you have to have people skills if
you want to succeed I don't buy into it at all maybe in the 1950s but not now when 90 percent of
all work in the world goes through the internet where you don't actually have to directly
communicate between people I don't buy for one second that you gotta be socially outgoing to
succeed it just doesn't make sense and it's ridiculous especially now that we have the
internet and online schooling to continue forcing these introverted people to be miserable and
that's the real problem and that's the real discussion we need to be having as to why these
school shootings are happening but uh no one's going to talk about that because gun gun gun
assault rifle gun nra gun gun gun gun gun ah what a beautiful day I wonder what's going on with
youtube oh well time to make another video complaining about youtube okay I just want to
point out that it's really ironic and hilarious that I'm making a rant about youtube and in in
like 10 minutes I'm having a consultation with a youtube partner manager you're literally watching
the destruction of my youtube career they will never ever let me get any views after this
hi everyone back at you again with the basketball so I got off the old youtube conference call with
my very own partner manager I should probably explain the context leading up to this encounter
I think about three weeks ago I got emailed by a person from youtube saying they want to contact me
now I've been a youtube partner for almost four years now but this was my first real interaction
with an actual human that works at youtube I know it's amazing I always used to view youtube as this
monolithic faceless corporation and even though my opinion of youtube hasn't really changed
after this interaction I do feel like I'm in a different place I'm working my way up the ranks
guys so how did the call go um it was a little odd I can't say it went differently than I expected
but still though the just the novelty of talking to an actual human who works at youtube
it's something I've never really experienced before there was one point in the conversation
when I hinted at my videos being blacklisted and not showing up in people's recommendations
I'm 80 sure that this person I was talking to was aware of all the of all the videos I did
complaining about youtube that was kind of the elephant in the room during the whole
conversation and we never really discussed it because this person I talked to they were aware of
minute memes they were aware of youtube geographic it was clear to me that they at the very least
skimmed my content so I wouldn't be surprised if they didn't also know about the youtube complaint
stuff so we talked for about 20 minutes you know there's a lot of introductory stuff just asking
me about sort of the direction of my channel so we didn't get a didn't really get to talk about
anything that in depth um however we did schedule a meeting for uh for june one day in june gonna
have a meeting and we're gonna go a lot more in depth in into the discussion so we'll just have
to see what happens there but after this encounter I did have a change of heart with the uh
with the next youtube rant and after talking to this person at youtube I just don't think I can
go through with uploading this rant as its own video and that's not because I got brainwashed
by the cult of youtube no I still feel as strongly about that issue as I did before the meeting the
reason I don't want to publicize my distaste for youtube policies is that I know now for sure that
I'm being scrutinized and I'm fairly certain that all those complaining videos I did back in
december and january really uh it really rubbed old youtube the wrong way and it was only after
I stopped that kind of stuff that my channel could finally go back to normal and they actually
reached out and made contact with me it was like what do I have to gain by making this video
everyone's already complaining about it and even though I feel like my criticism is still valid
I just don't feel like there's much to be gained from this I feel like I have a really big
opportunity here to really work my way up into the inside of youtube to really see the truth of
how youtube works and I don't want to jeopardize that opportunity just yet I don't know it feels
like kind of a cop out doesn't it I mean for the past two years I've been so high and mighty about
speaking my mind at whatever cost but I don't know I just feel different now youtube
is a huge machine and if you're not careful they will destroy you and as much as I like
standing up for people that youtube fucks over on this website there comes a point where I just
end up fucking myself so after thinking about it I decided I'm not gonna upload that rant
as its own video but at the same time I kind of don't want it to go to waste so I'll probably
just stick it at the end of this vlog you know I really didn't want to make another video where I
whine and bitch and moan and complain about youtube I didn't want to be that guy I've been
holding off on the complaints for about four months now but just this week youtube announced
something so insanely idiotic that I have to talk about it so last summer I uploaded a video
called youtube has been on a downward spiral where I basically run down point by point
everything wrong with youtube today and in that video I talked about how youtube has gradually
taken steps to take power away from the individual and emphasize content that they want you to see
so remember when people on youtube actually had to go out and explore the content they wanted
to watch well not anymore now you can just sit back and relax while the algorithm delivers you
all the content you should be watching no user input required just click on your home page and
youtube will recommend you all the videos that they know you like watching oh what's that you
want to watch your subscriptions you know the channels that you already like for sure to the
extent that you want to be notified of their future uploads well fuck you you don't know what
you like but the algorithm does so we're setting your home page to default fuck subscriptions
well everyone I'm proud to announce that we have reached the end game we have reached the climax
of Susan W's master plan because youtube has announced that they are experimenting with the
subscription function the most fundamental basic function that has been a part of this website
since day one imagine if facebook started experimenting with the friends function
or if reddit started experimenting with the karma function well that's what youtube is doing with
subscriptions and of course we all know what they mean by experimenting they're gonna say it's
optional for a couple of months and then quietly make it mandatory just like they do with every
change they make so I'm gonna interpret this as a change that has already been made and a decision
that's already set in stone this is happening it's always been happening and they've just now gone
public with it because they're gonna release it on everyone in a few months and we all know what
they're gonna do they're gonna use the subscription feed as yet another vehicle to control the content
you see they already did it with the home page they already did it with the trending tab they
already did it with the notification bell the subscription feed was the last bastion that was
supposedly out of youtube's control and I don't even think that's been true for the past two years
do you have any idea how many people have messaged me saying that my videos did not appear in their
subscriptions and I don't think it's a coincidence that most of these claims happened after a stretch
where I made several videos criticizing youtube so based on that evidence I think youtube has been
testing out this system for a long time already and they'll tell you the lie that they say for
every other change they make where they take away personal choice they'll say that they're only
showing you the content you want to see and that content of course is not governed by your own
agency but by a machine learning AI that estimates the videos you may or may not be interested in
and then we get to the real truth of why youtube makes changes like this and let me tell you it's
sure as hell not to give you the videos you want to see but rather it's to hide the videos that
they don't want you to see once again they already do this with the home page trending
recommendations and notifications research has demonstrated that youtube shadow bans mature
and questionable content from these locations and I'm pretty sure they'll restrict and censor this
video criticizing them just like they did with my Logan Paul video so be on the lookout for that I
guess youtube has sunk their claws into almost everything on the whole website and subscriptions
were the last thing they didn't fully control the last nugget of individual choice that a youtube
viewer has over the content they want to see subscribe to a user and you'll see their new
uploads it's as simple as that it's been here since 2005 and yet youtube has become so power
hungry that they want to wrestle that away from the people too and guess what they already have
behind our backs as usual this change is going to happen mark my words youtube never back tracks on
any new feature no matter how unpopular it is and they always try to back it up saying oh well the
analytics show that trust us we're so smart we're from silicon valley and we're smarter than you
and the numbers say this is a good idea and that's all anyone cares about on this website
anymore numbers numbers numbers why do you think there are 10 000 grown ass adults on this website
who play with toys for a living oh just look at the numbers why do you think Logan Paul felt it
was necessary to film a dead body and put it on youtube well have you seen the numbers that got
him and after removing the functionality of subscriptions guess what will happen to
subscribers on youtube that's right they'll be demoted to just a number hey youtube not everything
can be measured in numbers and stats and analytics and if you let them govern you they will destroy
you can you guys put a number on how you have managed to become the single most hated social
media site on the entire web even worse than facebook there's a site that started chasing
numbers and three years later mark zuckerberg is seen as a literal reptile and they have to
spam sappy apology ads on national television there's something to be said about short term
versus long term growth sure i could film a video of myself drinking a beaker full of sulfuric acid
and that video would probably have great numbers in the short term but what about the long term
youtube what about the long term i'm not going to be getting many more views after being dead
so go ahead youtube keep letting numbers run this website there's no way you could possibly
end up like facebook or skype or dig or myspace keep treating your users like brain dead toddlers
who can't decide on their own what videos they want to watch you know what they probably make
up most of your viewers anyway these days you chased away all of your older dedicated viewers
by alienating them time and time again when you take subscriptions away from the subscribers
you take the you out of youtube now it's just a two